You thought you saw it all, you're very
wrong because in a few seconds more
you will live a unique experience
good people
here generate tagline in another new
video in this case I'm going to teach another
guide how it would have been up for
kill you're but with the group and with
the hunter who is also super easy
sometimes everyone has to know
that if we come, we just have to finish
with the two witches and with both
howlers before climbing up on that
it's not that we climb upstairs we can
shoot there we make no mistake about
agreement after head and everything is
same we come with the sorcerer we jump to the
little stone that we come to the poyete
this suv we would go upwards already towards
right here in this profile and already
around here we would do it the other way around the titan
we would not have that part up here
and from here to the highs of these here
up according what we're going to do
now let's look at it with the case of the
same steps so there is no mess
agreement
hunter the class of the blades
the one that becomes transparent to say it
well go
and we would do the same steps
the dolls always put you for these
things agility to the top so the various
hospitals always tired and give
Actions
and here there are not very solid gentlemen
and very solid and I have not seen it
made and mother of god but good every
we are good at some things and I am
seeing that this is the same with the
hunter absolutely the same we would have
on the same side agreement and with the background
the only thing of the last jump 100 more
difficult and I that with the three jumps
it arrives well but it is difficult to agree
Now what are we going to do? Let's
return to the sorcerer and we would see
for the sorcerer who arrives without rival
problems from up here we would jump
we stop them floating and if we look at the
carpet in front go to see how you
I give who here here just spend it
a little bit important for it to arrive
we're going to get over there in agreement and nothing
signals but that I'm going to show the video
Good wishes and even others